Now let's begin the first practical lecture of this section about localization by explaining how this
is configured inside a lot of application.
So open your up peach bee file inside the config folder and scroll but scroll down to the interesting
part which starts at the time zone which you might configure depending on where most of your customers
or visitors to your website are.
So default is UTC it might you might have a different time zone.
So this is where you configure that.
This will be used by the BHP data functions and day time functions and then we go to the interesting
part which is the local parameter.
And this is your local language of your application.
So this is are two character language codes.
Default is e n US English.
You can change is the Spanish or German or Polish or whatever is your language and then additional parameter
is their fallback locale which is the local or language that will be used whenever there is no translation
in the other language so well that also depends what's the main or starting language default language
of your application.
It should be the one that you have your translations initially done in so your page let's say starts
in Spanish so then you only translate to English.
So their fallback should be Spanish.
So let's start with English because that's probably the most common language.
Every one of you knows.
And additionally there is this another setting for the Fake Faker local.
And if you remember the faker is a tool or a library that we used for our database seeder to generate
the names addresses and things like that.
So we can also configure that to be of your local language whether this would be german french spanish
polish whatever that might be.
You can also change that to work with more familiar sounding names and things like that.
So this is about configuration.
Now let's see where are where are all those translations stored.
So you can find them inside the resources long folder and what you initially would have with Lara Lavell
when installing Lara Vale in the first place is the e end folder for English and it consists of the
basic BHP files.
So let's open maybe this validation.
It's the most complicated one.
So those files are pretty straight forward.
There will be also a way to put your translation strings in a J some file will see that in the next
lectures.
Now let's explain what this is how it looks like and what is it for.
So basically you will return an array where the key would be.
Well the key that you will use for translation so you will call that using the translation help or metals
we'll get to that in the next lecture.
But this will be a key.
So what has to be translated a message to be translated and then the value is the actual translation
the text in English Spanish German or whatever.
Additionally it can contain some attributes that you will pass to this translation messages.
So if you need to put some variables like numbers e-mails and stuff you will achieve that by using this
column and the name of the attribute of course I will show you how to do that.
Don't worry about it just yet.
And then you see that for example you have the validation messages of the lot of old validator and they
are all in English.
So to have them have them in Spanish or in German you will just create another folder with the language
code.
So let's do that right now.
So this would be D E and E as for Spanish and then you will create some files and have all those messages
in the language of your choice or any other language that you want to make available for your application.
But we'll get to that in the next lecture.
So don't worry about that.
I will explain everything step by step.